README.md, before:

# X4 Foundations Catppucin UI Colors

![/screenshots/screenshot1.jpg](/screenshots/screenshot1.jpg)

## Installing

### Windows

Copy the `catppuccin_ui_colors` folder into
`C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\X4 Foundations\extensions`

This folder contains DLCs and other steam workshop extensions you might already
have. It should look like this:

```
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\X4 Foundations\extensions
├── ego_dlc_boron
├── ego_dlc_mini_01
├── ego_dlc_pirate
├── ego_dlc_split
├── ego_dlc_terran
├── ego_dlc_timelines
├── catppuccin_ui_colors
│   ├── content.xml
│   └── libraries
│       └── colors.xml
├── ws_123456789
└── ws_234567890
```

### Linux

Copy the `catppuccin_ui_colors` folder into
`~.local/share/Steam/steamapps/common/X4 Foundations/extensions`

It should look like this:

```
~/.local/share/Steam/steamapps/common/X4 Foundations/extensions
└── catppuccin_ui_colors
    ├── content.xml
    └── libraries
        └── colors.xml
```

## Mod Links

- [XML Patch Guide](https://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?t=354310)
- [Getting Started: Tools, Scripting and Modding](https://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?f=181&t=402452)

Commit message:

Add link to Catppucin colors

README.md, after:

# X4 Foundations Catppucin UI Colors

A mod that changes the UI colors to match the [Catppuccin palette](https://catppuccin.com/palette/).

![/screenshots/screenshot1.jpg](/screenshots/screenshot1.jpg)

## Installing

### Windows

Copy the `catppuccin_ui_colors` folder into
`C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\X4 Foundations\extensions`

This folder contains DLCs and other steam workshop extensions you might already
have. It should look like this:

```
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\X4 Foundations\extensions
├── ego_dlc_boron
├── ego_dlc_mini_01
├── ego_dlc_pirate
├── ego_dlc_split
├── ego_dlc_terran
├── ego_dlc_timelines
├── catppuccin_ui_colors
│   ├── content.xml
│   └── libraries
│       └── colors.xml
├── ws_123456789
└── ws_234567890
```

### Linux

Copy the `catppuccin_ui_colors` folder into
`~.local/share/Steam/steamapps/common/X4 Foundations/extensions`

It should look like this:

```
~/.local/share/Steam/steamapps/common/X4 Foundations/extensions
└── catppuccin_ui_colors
    ├── content.xml
    └── libraries
        └── colors.xml
```

## Mod Links

- [XML Patch Guide](https://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?t=354310)
- [Getting Started: Tools, Scripting and Modding](https://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?f=181&t=402452)
